hello everyone good if you eat before
people today we are going to see another secret of the
sv as we already know the other day that you
teaches in the video the improved sv is
called used the veil shady so much
in die rex as in buried as in all
the places where the sv is when the
we improve then it means that not from
user called dark veil
that name as you saw in the
last video that takes you out of this weapon
it referred to the ghost of buried
because he is the only person and the only
where there is a veil in this game
gloomy at the moment then this we
is teaching something about history
that importance that woman has in
this story and that gives a then not what
we can know exactly but why
and here's the video today the importance
of today's video because we use the sv
to do that permancer that is here
Only Empúries is the only place
where you can perform this permanent
and it's with the same sv with that same
weapon and for what reason for what reason
some reason there will be no because if that weapon
in die race we use it to do that
system
the soul that is based on its moment
and it's that important part that is
to be able to move the shine balls
to be able to move them from there to the
dragons
that weapon has to have a meaning
special and that's why here in buried it
used to play superman but
that gives you more 30 each time you kill
a zombie instead of the normal thing that would be
10 points is not given 10 out of 10
It gives you 30 in 30 but here
is the key to doing it to get
this premium but the key to everything is
do it from afar
you have to do it from a distance if it's a
sniper
it's logical but what else is behind
this is what we have to
try to perceive not because that is the
mystery of knowing man but and of his
relationship with the story that weapon has
than being the only weapon with which
get that perman but it's not worth another
type of weapons only that the
user of grim speed from afar
us when we are in day race as
I have commented
we need that weapon for interest
but
what we did or rather that he did that
woman from afar
long ago
long distance that made this woman
so that in die rice we could
use that weapon and in buried the
we used to do in superman but
that woman did something a long time ago
in the distance from afar
did something that changed the story
Did something
she did not know herself and that's why
traumatized she committed suicide for that when
we got a superman perk is
plus 30 s 3 means the third plan of
maxis she contributes part of the
story for that third plan of some
way because you look at the first plan
failure the second plan also failed
but what this woman did
contributes to that third plan from maxis to
that part of the story that we do not know
yet
and that in the future we will discover it
that's why they give us more 30 because she
somehow contributed to that third
maxis plan the improved weapons its
name and those berg ferm
they tell us about history but today the
of w
pw because it's there also on that wall
and what name does it have?
will have some link with the sv
until the next video